meshLibrary crytekSponza.obj
staticObject sponza_sponza_leaf sponza_thorn_diff.bmp sponza_thorn_bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_Material__57 KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_vase_round KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_Material__298 KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_bricks KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_arch KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_ceiling KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_column_a KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_floor KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_column_c KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_details KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_column_b KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_Material__47 KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_flagpole KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_fabric_e KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_fabric_d KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_fabric_a KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_fabric_g KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_fabric_c KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_fabric_f KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_chain KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_vase_hanging KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_vase KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_Material__25 KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
staticObject sponza_sponza_roof KAMEN.bmp KAMEN-bump.bmp
